# saw-saw

# Introduction

From the Adafruit upstream source:

Seesaw is an open source microcontroller friend for other chips.
It provides a variety of capabilities such as UART, ADC, DAC,
extra GPIO, etc. to chips that don't have them.

# Local Modifications - wa1tnr

Intent is to dismantle Adafruit Seesaw (at least a little) to
see how it acts as a more generic development platform for the
Adafruit SAMD21 target boards.

Initial platform is likely to be the Cricket (CPX variant) as it
is already a proven, capable, ATSAMD21G18A platform (stand-alone).

No current modifications.  Not yet.

Mon 16 Jul 17:29:34 UTC 2018

# Interfacing
- [Arduino](https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Seesaw)
- [CircuitPython](https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CircuitPython_seesaw)
- [Python](https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Python_seesaw)

## Build

### Requirements

* `make` and a Unix environment
* `python` in path
* `arm-none-eabi-gcc` and `arm-none-eabi-g++` in the path

### Build commands

The default board is `debug`. You can build a different one using:

```
make BOARD=samd09breakout
```

add `DEBUG=1` to the `make` command to enable UART debug logging. The default UART TX pin is `PA04` and the default baud rate is `115200`. Note that there may not be enough available flash to enable UART debug loggnig on smaller chips such as the SAMD09. Also note that the I2C Slave interface will not be able to accept commands as fast while UART debug logging is enabled and use of the flow control pin is required.

### Generating a new configuration

A new configuration can be generated by running:
```
./generate.py
```
from the repository root directory and then answering the series of prompts that follows. Note that this script currently only supports SAMD09-based configurations.

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please read our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/adafruit/seesaw/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before contributing to help this project stay welcoming.
